Hello and welcome to this you know you guys know how to write a best as oboist now in this video we're
going to talk about something very important card per Mullings what permalink is permalink is basically
the link to link to our website or link to the book was funny but if I click on this the board that
we just thought in the previous video you can see we have this.
This is basically the permalink of this post.
OK.
So we're going to optimize this Mullings but Mullings that are a very important part of our website.
So let's add these Mullings
OK to set the settings for these permalink what you need to do is go to the settings.
Click on this permalink OK.
OK.
Now you can see we have a lot of options for Mullings.
The first option is the ID.
This is a very bad one and search engines don't like it because in this we have this question and the
equal sign and the knee and the number of the board or the ID of the board.
And there is no better for this board.
This should be a doddle in the titlebar like we see here.
Click on this post.
We have this title right here.
OK.
What does this bumbling get we see now is pretty much good for press but for such engine sorry for you
but we're going to optimize this one.
OK.
Let me show you how.
The second one is the D and name.
What we will what will happen it will show the date and then it will show the post name post title.
OK.
And the third one that is the default that is the current one we have that is Diest and that is this.
You can see the year to year the date when it was posted and then post name in the above one we had
the day.
OK.
In this one we don't have the day OK.
And you can see here we don't have the data again.
And now the other one is numeric but this numeric is metric is basically about the.
It goes to the archives that we have for the archive.
Our technology archive archive we have all the show the archive.
And then to be sure the post ID and it will also not look good again because we want the title of the
board.
So don't use it.
And what we have is the last name and this is the best one that we're going to have and that is our
website.
The name of our website for the liberty to regard Facebook dot com or Twitter not come just for example.
OK so it will be here and then forward slash and then the name of our post so click on this and
this one we've got OK for fordable you've won.
You want some custom custom length custom of your choice.
You can always add them all in care what you need to do is just put a forward slash and you can use
for them.
Before this last name you want to appear archive what you need to do is put forward slash.
Then this marvelous line and then right or.
Just like this archives.
And then you've decided and it is.
And then what will happen if we show the archive and then forward flesh and that both names but don't
use them.
Always use disport name again.
This one is amazing.
So it changes.
And now you're going to see that there will not be this 2015 or 11 what we're going to have we will
have to press forward slash and then the title of our post.
So I'm going to go to the home page and now I'm going to go to this post again.
See there is no return 15 or date or whatever is only the title of our page just like Facebook.
When we go to Facebook Facebook dot com forward slash for our idea we have a name for dot dot com forward.
OK.
I'm just going to use them.
That's not my actual idea I'm just giving you the example that that is the thing that is the best for
the SC.
OK.
Make sure you have that one.
So click on this post name changes.
OK.
So that is the permalink.
Make sure you upgrade your permalink from default to this post name.
So you've got to watch this video.
This was about Mullings.
I will show you the next video.